all right what is up guys today as you
can see I have another SPL a new match
hold on
all right all Monda alright so as you
guys can see we have another SPL and you
match on this time this is vs g ARA this
is per week or so
let's just hop right into the team's
you're looking at mine it's a bit more
offensive than the team I used in my
last and you upload we got um standard
offenses silk scarf Genghis Khan Swords
Dance jolly ride on with rocks it's
really good actually like at first I
doubted using like an offensive max max
spread but um even though it is slow
even with Jolly in 252 it's very strong
it does not speed a lot of key stuff
like Mantine and it's just it's a really
good Pokemon we got spec stock closure
in the back to just wall break and kill
everything unfortunately gr does have
camera and Hariyama though so it won't
be it won't be looking like a tech
lotion so this game I have three three
attack offensive audio with healing wish
which is something I really want to try
out it doesn't hit that hard but um it
is really bulky and the coverage it gets
is really nice and then got sub call
mine hook see another wind condition
just to keep in the back after all my
wall breakers put in work and then man
time to D fog as well as another fire
resist so Jerez team is looking on
pretty interesting it's looking pretty
phat barring sight third but looking at
that man time beats a lot of his team
which was a pretty much I was looking at
plus um if I can weaken a pharisee my
king of stun could also put in a lot of
work so that's what I was looking at in
this battle and let's just hop into it
so I'm gonna lead off with my adeno
nicknamed gem blade because both of them
are fat and I'm gonna go right for the
dazzling gleam as he fakes me out now
here I know that he's probably gonna go
in to use his garbodor or hammer up and
not stay in so I'm gonna double into my
man time knowing that if you goes my
garbodor it's gonna be a little bit more
annoying but I know I can still take a
hit and probably try to get skull burn I
go for this fault just 25% but I don't
burn
gunshot this a little too much to where
I know I can't stay in here and risk the
burn so I'm going to go into my hard
body Hugo the ride on and see gunshots
again it does 5% but he gets the poison
which is a little bit unknowing now here
I'm just gonna earthquake cuz I didn't
expect him to go into either flying-type
risking this so I'm gonna or up to the
earthquake is he shows him the seed bomb
now right on is weakened but this is
really nice because he doesn't get any
layers up
as well as getting that thing out of the
way let's denote putting a lot more work
so that was really nice um I'm gonna go
into my type ocean here on his eye to
knowing that I can think anything he
wants to throw at me and now I'm just
gonna fire off interruption as he brings
in his camera and at this one I was
really feeling myself like I already got
rid of the garbage are now I'm gonna
stand on this camera knowing there's no
way he's gonna attack me seeing as I do
have a man time and sure enough he'd
especially toxic so at this point I was
really feeling it I knew that like I had
just taken out almost two Pokemon I was
in a good position at all six of mine I
was like I was feeling nice so gonna go
for another eruption is Hariyama
I wanted to double out of there but I
just stayed in maybe if you wanted to
standing it up rocks oh yeah not here
I'm gonna switch into my Mantine as I
believe he doubles into he doubles in a
camera I don't know what he was
predicting at all like I have no idea it
feels predicting okay see I really I
don't know what he was predicting but
I'm understanding her skull luckily I've
burned his incoming Ferrer seeds so that
things getting whittled in conjunction
with air slash maybe I can flinch it
with them and like burn racking on it's
really nice as I he goes free his first
layer spikes again I have be fog I'm at
a really high amount of HP I had nothing
to fear now here the reason I protect is
because I want to stall out another turn
of burn so that even after he beat seeds
me he doesn't uh I don't want it to
break even like he's recovering the
amount that I'm taking away with air
slash so he's gonna toxic me here to
show that he's toxic leech seed um spike
interesting set and I'm just more of the
air slash here hoping I can flinch or
something but uh I think he just leaves
seeds me yeah and I think he dies oh he
doesn't next year yeah so um I guess
damage is kind of racking up but I'm
gonna go through my skull here as he
brings in tattoo I was hoping I'd burn
this thing but uh it is a nice chunk now
here that doing a nice chunk sure told
me was fast it's not fast as a two and
that's gonna play into this game later
as you're gonna see so here I switch out
because he's Paul mines out to or
something that would be annoying and it
is called my buddy we're gonna see I
know Kings trying to take any hit so
many opportunities take him out
the reason I'm thinking out is because I
predicted him just a kiss by receipt and
I mean I guess I'm taking like one HP
less recoil double-edged say I just say
out now here he's gonna bring in
Hariyama Hariyama at 77 I'm pretty sure
mm we'll be able to knock him out so I'm
gonna went to my man tine he makes a
good play predicting that and knocking
me off so all my mankind is dead but
it's not that big of a deal because
mankind was on I mean I don't really
need it that much more camerupt at 25
it's not that big of an issue so yeah
now I'm gonna bring in my odd you know
knowing that I should be able to take
any hit and just dazzling gleam to get
off a lot of damage
he brings in Zhou - as I do dazzling
gleam here it was 50% which is nice um
but I know he can call mine and roost on
me so I'm gonna take citizen opportunity
to heart switching to King Gaston as I
believe he roosts like I predicted so
yeah now again I can just fake out and
knock out whatever he wants to go into
or if he stays in so Kenya's gonna
definitely looking like the Pokemon I
need to keep at this point brings in
camera up just gonna double the age in
case maybe he wants to go into one of
his flying types predicting an EQ low
point of me not double edging so here
he's gonna go into Hariyama
and I'm gonna double I'm gonna I'm just
gonna switch into my adeno hoping I can
take to close combats as he predicts
that and goes into his a2 now here this
was pretty bad so I'm gonna go into my
king is down here knowing I should be
able to take a couple hits but he crits
the first sized shock now here I kind of
choked I'm not fake I can't figure out
any cuz I hadn't known at this time that
he was fast so because of that create
the Rico's gonna knock me out and now I
can lose so I was a little um I didn't
really know what to do here I'm gonna go
into my seclusion knowing I bait in the
what's called Hariyama I go into my
audino's just to dazzling glean that not
here I make a missplay well let me show
you my place so I'm gonna dazzling doing
here here's what I had to do here what I
should have done was gone for my healing
wish the problem here was with the
damage rolls I was not sure if
close-combat was gonna twig heal me or
not so instead I went for damage what I
should have done was healing wished my
Rhydon
because as you're gonna see if if I let
him double close-combat me say it even
kid well if he calls coming to me and I
healing wish my Rhydon then earthquake
would have knocked him out or what I
could have done was on got into my
Rhydon then doubled into my oak see
maybe take a knock off damage but I
still would've been able to sighs shock
him to knock him out plus if he goes
into his arm cycler I had my ride on in
the back or if he went into his a - I
had
- floating the back to do with it
because I guess Ling Ling now I have a
chance to lose to his site there because
as we've seen yes and brought it and yet
I don't think I don't think it's scarf
right now so it could be as the which
because of my weekend ride on could
losing the game so yeah hi definitely in
the Miss play here now here I'm gonna
switch out and go into my oxy no and
he's in close combat again because I
need to get off the healing wish somehow
and not here as you're gonna see he's
gonna bring in his sight there I believe
yeah I'm just gonna fire off his side
Shack and it's only like 20% but 23
something at 20% and at this point I was
like that's Eve iolite this is gonna be
SD and if he's offensive SD I lose so
he's gonna SD here I'm bringing my ID no
I know I'm gonna die and at this point
what I need to hope for is a he's knock
off he's knock off SD roost and that my
run I can eat this hit up and then I can
win but unfortunately he has bug bite
fast and there's no much time Flowage
and hoping that maybe I cannot see but
that's not gonna the casein and Mac me
out and that's gonna be the game so it
was still a good game um I mean there's
a little bit of hacks but I can't really
blame like the trip or like the funk
poison or any of that because mainly
what mattered was not healing wishing
there so yeah that's why I went up with
this game cuz like it wasn't it was oh
it was in avoidable loss but it was
still really fun games a good game to gr
ax hope you guys enjoyed roppa like if
you did and I later guys peace